Samsung just had their event where they
launched a lot of new hardware so they
have two new phones the Z flip 6 and the
zold 6 and they also have new earbuds
they have the new Galaxy buds 3 Pro and
they also have new watches including the
allnew Galaxy watch Ultra now despite
all this impressive new hardware they
spent a lot of time talking about AI
features that were just not really
impressive uh okay let's start off with
the hardware first so the Galaxy Z flip
6 comes in four colors we have the blue
a mint yellow and Silver Shadow the
Silver Shadow color is still an aluminum
device but it has that kind of titanium
look now there's three main Hardware
updates over the previous generation
first it now has 12 gigs of RAM instead
of eight even the base model has 12 gigs
of RAM now on the flip 6 secondly we
have a bigger battery it's 4,000 millah
now thirdly the main camera now uses a
50 megapixel sensor the ultrawide still
uses the same sensor as the previous
generation now the screen sizes on the
flip unchanged both the inside screen
and the outside screen are the same as
before uh and also the weight remains
unchanged and the dimensions are also
very similar for all intents and
purposes it's the same dimensions it's a
little bit thinner than the previous
model but it was imperceptible when I
was holding in my hands aesthetically
there aren't a lot of changes on the
flip 6 now the fold is a different story
the Galaxy zold 6 has three new colors
so we got the Silver Shadow again pink
and navy but this is a different
dimensioned product it's thinner and
lighter this year and it's also a little
bit shorter but wider and because of
these changes we now have new screens so
we have different aspect ratios on these
screens even so the front screen is a
little bit bigger at 6.3 in it's a
little wider and the main screen on the
inside still measures up as a 7.6 in
screen but it's also a slightly
different aspect ratio than the previous
generation also a little bit wider and
you can tell like I didn't have any of
the specs or information in front of me
when I was first looking at them and I
just felt like these were wider screens
than the previous generation the camera
system appears to be running the same
Hardware so it's still got the 50
megapixel gm3 as the main shooter but it
is contained in a different kind of
camera bump so each lens now has a
series of these concentric rings and I
think they look nice but those Rings
were weirdly sharp like if I rubbed them
with my fingertips my skin cells would
appear on those Rings uh it still has 12
gigs of RAM and the same battery size so
it's still has a 4,400 mAh battery it's
just like a more refined version of what
they had going on but both the flip and
the fold 6 are running the Snapdragon 8
gen 3 chip which is obviously better
performance mostly noticeable in the GPU
so if you're someone that's chasing
performance there is a bit of a bump
okay next up is what I think is the most
interesting piece of Hardware they
showed it's the Galaxy buds 3 and the 3
Pro so since 2016 Samsung's wireless
earbuds have all shared the same kind of
design language they have these compact
buds that have no stems and they just
look nothing like Apple's airpods even
the cases are unlike Apple's airpods
they normally have have these like
Square cases or maybe pill-shaped cases
it's like uniquely and iconically
Samsung designed even on their website
they had like articles talking about how
you know the design language and how
they chose it over the years and why
they go with the stemless design so you
can imagine my surprise when they
revealed the new Galaxy buds 3 and the
buds 3 Pro and these things had stems
and they also just looked very
apple-esque to me now in my short time
using them I will say that controlling
these with the stems and squeezing them
is more precise than just tapping the
sides of the previous buds I've always
found those a little bit harder to
control but it's strange to me that they
took such an iconic design and just
replaced it overnight now the buds 3 Pro
and only the Pro Models has a light
strip that lights up when there's like
30% battery or more and you can control
the lighting a little bit in software
and there's also colorcoded markings
like blue and orange for left and right
and it does make it easier to put them
into the case correctly I do want to add
they sounded really good I wasn't able
to measure them obviously at an event
like that but switching back and forth
between the Apple airpods Pro 2 and the
Galaxy buds Pro 3 and just between the
two again a short listening test but I
definitely prefer the Galaxy buds they
just sounded better uh okay the last
piece of Hardware their watches so they
have the new Galaxy watch 7 but the new
star of their Smartwatch lineup is the
Samsung Galaxy watch Ultra and like the
Apple watch Ultra it's built to be more
rugged it has a longer battery and it's
made out of titanium so I'm not
surprised that Samsung made an ultra
watch but I am surprised that it's got a
more squish shape like the whole Samsung
Galaxy watch lineup has always just been
round watches so this is It's just again
deviants from their regular design but I
do love the look of the ultra especially
the white colored one like that thing
looks so nice in real life the white
strap with the white on the casing God
damn it's sick uh there is a quick
button on the side it's got like orange
color accents now in my short testing
with it the only thing that that button
could do on the unit that I was testing
was that it was just launch workouts but
I'm assuming in software you can adjust
it the bezel doesn't rotate it just has
markings that might trick you into
thinking that it does uh and the watch
face that I saw on it had a very
technical vibe to it I thought it looked
really nice uh it is water resistant to
about 100 m and it works at a wide range
of temperatures and at high altitudes
and has a siren that you can activate in
emergencies now the strap is a very soft
rubber strap it's a very similar looking
strap to the stock Apple watch Ultra
strap which is actually seemingly built
for divers but the Galaxy watch Ultra is
not a dive watch in the sense that like
I don't think it has a depth gauge which
at least from my understanding like the
spec sheet that I looked at and when I
asked to Samsung like does this have a
depth meter they said it didn't which is
surprising to me like I I feel like on a
watch called the ultra with the ability
to go to 100 meters deep I mean why why
is there no depth sensor not that
everyone's diving but like
I don't know that just feels like
something they could and should have put
on it uh okay so that's the hardware and
it's really cool stuff but I want to
move over the conversation to the AI
software because I I feel like Samsung
spent a lot of time talking about AI
stuff okay so I'm going to rewind a
little bit in January of this year so
2024 January when they launched the s24
products Samsung kind of officially
launched Galaxy Ai and this product
stack was cool they had some AI photo
edting tools like generative fill they
had some live translation tools that
actually work really well with the new
flip because it's got that popup screen
uh you also can summarize big walls of
text into Point form notes and there
were other tools but I think most users
would agree that as fun as these
features were to play with and as cool
as they might seem on paper none of it
was like a must-have feature for 2024 it
was all just neat so when Samsung at
this event was like Hey we got some new
features there was a part of me that was
doubtful so the big one they showed was
a new sketch to image where you can
crudely Draw Something on the screen and
Galaxy AI would generate an image for
you now I tried it a few times and I
think the idea is cool it's fun to play
with for a bit but for one it's really
slow like the weight time is heavy and
then the results are just not great like
I drew a ninja turtle and got a few
variants that were comical like I get
that the results will get better in time
as the model gets better but it just
feels like this type of stuff is not
useful for most people now there is
another thing they showcased where they
had AI Tools in notes that could assist
your writing like you can use it to
check your spelling and grammar or you
can use it to change your writing style
like you can write a poorly crafted
message and then the AI will give you a
few options to make that message more
professional or more polite like this is
all stuff we've seen before on other
platforms and it's good that Samsung's
bring it to their users uh but they also
had this like generative AI storytelling
tool where you could prompt it with a
little bit of guidance and then it would
write a full story for you like the idea
of it is interesting I guess but it's
more of like a tech demo right you look
at it and you're like hey that's kind of
neat but very few people would actually
use most of these tools I think like the
grammar and spelling sure but come on
man like I look at that stuff I'm like
what why is this the headlining AI
feature that they're showing right now
especially when you have stuff like
apple Intelligence on the horizon where
Apple wants to be to access your emails
and your calendars and your contacts and
your messages and be able to just derive
context out of all that stuff to deliver
a digital assistant like that AI product
that they are claiming to be able to
deliver is really cool it's super
ambitious who knows if they'll actually
be to deliver it but that when people
see that Apple intelligence product it
seems like there's real utility there
the Samsung Galaxy AI stack it just
feels it just feels like so broken up
into pieces and I can't I can't foresee
how all of it ties together for Samsung
now I do imagine that they must be
working on something that's like a
bigger picture thing they they have to
right especially because of the
competition
but right now after this event I look at
I'm like I I can't Envision it yet I
still can't but there you have it
awesome Hardware as always from Samsung
but what do you think is a software that
cool